hi friends in this video i am telling
about one thing
in my opinion almost ingenious appliances
Sokovarka that simplifies life with
hydrogen when that's when it starts to ripen
harvest and make it almost anywhere
when all this they need to port to this
processing
Here is this device for protection helps out but I
I call it a device here and here komplit
pans such here obviously as
all this means it is arranged here this
cumulative capacity for where
dripping juice which is obtained in the process
the operation of this appliance gate like so
we call it a house in which is poured
water should be poured as much as possible well
that's up to the maximum mark because
what was then easier condition for him
to smell water
then inserted means tray for juice
on top put this mesh in
which means superimposed practically
just take out a cream polo
even raenet can be there all the small not
blame cut that is it a minimum
of time
walks on all this all closes
the gas cap on is first
handle the maximum reptile opens
if not extremely close this one
to be too active but when
juice means that he is still there
a level never flows a little
then the cana will rise for you can open
in about an hour and a half
it leaves already all the berries as seen and
which style apples and about after
an hour or a half
in general, turn off pre
of course the hospital had to be clean
before mission fearing him a little here
the process is not finished yet I want to show
that it is not finished juice continue
flow down flies
level in the pan only here if
still do not need a little memory plus
a little bit there like it 's off again
able to continue to drain them
this process is so long
He does not take time has passed to anyone
a little bit from here victory there walk by
change and he continues
flow then into fashion
singing fly and clean just
put there as parties as noted
and still still keep on
it can be seen that the juice flows substitute
some capacity we need to be able to
Smaller size there because the smell
how would dad have a volume that's when
finally defended here it is almost
dry remains just thrown in
bucket and that’s what you can use
all the best of luck